Update readme with an environment variable section (#372)
meilisearch/demo-movies: README.md

npm install
```

## Environment variables

> This project needs 2 environment variables to connect to your Meilisearch instance and retrieve the movies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect your Meilisearch instance and retrieve the movies two environment variables should be provided:
```

- HOST

> - API_KEY

Reviewer: Since it's the specific host and apiKey of Meilisearch and not this app, I would add a reference to MeiliSearch to the variable name, otherwise, it might be confusing as to what it refers to. Both in the .env or in the local environment variables (export..).

But I understand it implies changes in a lot of different files! What do you think? Maybe an issue? Or not if you prefer not.

Author: Yes let's open a different issue for that 👍

Author: Here it is: #373

## Environment variables

> To connect your Meilisearch instance and retrieve the movies two environment variables should be provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect your Meilisearch instance and retrieve the movies, two environment variables should be provided:
```
